Roam - a direct p2p, easy setup and secure VPN
The purpose of Roam is to allow quick setup of direct encrypted connections between multiple endpoints.

Unlike something such as OpenVPN, Roam connects directly to each endpoint, rather than going through one "server" machine.
This means 

Every network is identified by a randomly generated shared secret. This secret is used to authenticate new machines, and
a hashed version of it is used for machines to find each other. This is in contrast to something like OpenVPN, where a
shared secret might be used for a single point-to-point connection, but normally certificates are used.

It is assumed every node on the network is trusted, as long as the shared secret is known. This means when a new node joins
a network, it is automatically accepted by all other nodes without a prompt.

When a new node wants to join a network, it takes a shared secret and hashes it with RIPEMD160. Using this hash, either a bittorrent
tracker or DHT is queried for this hash, and peers are returned. The node only needs to connect to one peer to register with the network.

Crypto
---
All connections have PFS, where DH keys are tagged with a MAC. The key in this MAC is the shared secret. This means each connection
will have its own encryption key, and knowledge of the shared secret won't cause the traffic to be readable.
Based on CPU support for hardware AES acceleration, connection negotiation will automatically pick between AES-OCB or Chacha20-Poly1305.

Network secrets are made up of ed25519 keypairs. The private key gives you control over the network, the public key lets you access the network.
Alternatively, you can create a network secret with no private key and any arbitrary access key - this just means you won't be able to
change its settings or otherwise control it.

Workflow
---
Ideally, one machine should be able to run:
    ./roam new
to create a new VPN network. Some questions would need to be asked, which would look like:

     $ ./roam new
    To set up your network, we need to ask a few questions first.

    What should this network be called?
    > NewNetwork

    What subnet should be used for this network? (or leave blank for 192.168.251.0/24)
    > 10.4.0.0/16

    Your new network access key is: ml0Pm4ie8ZL81DdFmft5x2rNfy2Xgl534CKs1ObBb-0
    To connect to this network, run the command: ./roam connect ml0Pm4ie8ZL81DdFmft5x2rNfy2Xgl534CKs1ObBb-0

Then on another machine, run the command:
    ./roam connect ml0Pm4ie8ZL81DdFmft5x2rNfy2Xgl534CKs1ObBb-0
and both machines will now be connected with a point-to-point tunnel.

As more machines run that command, the tunnel becomes a larger mesh network.
